Mahdokht Afravi
CS 3432 MSP430 Lab3: LCD Game
Last Modified: 04/17 Sun

Part 1
     1. Change the cursor movement step size to one pixel in both
     	the vertical and horizontal directions.
     2. The cursor's shape and size should not be changed.
     3. The transparent-overlap bug in our demonstration program
     	should be fixed.
     4. The cursor movements will be restricted to the LCD's
     	boundaries.
	>> For this part of the lab, I worked with both Michael E.
	   and Chris McKye. To move the cursor one pixel in both
	   directions (vertical and horizontal), we traced the
	   movement of this cursor to be in the updateShape()
	   method. We set the decrements/increments of both shapeY
	   and shapeX to have a degree of 1 instead of the 2 where
	   they were originally. Testing this showed our cursor
	   moving one pixel at a time.
	   In order to restrict the boundaries of the cursor's
	   movements to stay only on the LCD screen, I modified
	   the limits on both shapeX and shapeY: shapeX can only
	   move if it's furthest edges (radius being 5) is less
	   than 91 (96-5) and greater than 5 (5-0), and shapeY
	   can only move if it's furthest edges (when the radius
	   is 5) is less than 61 (68-5) and greater than 5 (5-0).
	   As far as the overlap boundary not being distorted and
	   should be visible, this was already implemented when
	   I began this assignment and so there is nothing to do
	   for this part of the assignment.

Part 2: Cursor Modification
     1. For this section, you will be changing the geometry of the
     	   cursor as illustrated. Since I am in team 1, my ID is
	   an odd number, I will make a "plus" cursor.
	Minimum cursor size: 10x10 pixels.
	Your cursors don't need to exactly math ours. For example,
	   they would probably look much better if their size was
	   an odd rather than even number of pixels.
	It is not acceptable to simply translate or render sprites.
	Your cursos must be computed on-demand from properties of
	   their geometry (like the arena and cursor of the
	   demonstration programs).
	>> For this part of the lab, I worked again with Chris
	   McKye and Michael Ellis. The two variables, deltaY and
	   deltaX, are the deviations from center of the cursor,
	   being dotY the row in which the origin of the cursor
	   is represented. To begin, I used a switch statement
	   so that each case will be unique to what value deltaX
	   is, this will vary which bits to turn on in each deltaY
	   for this row. If we are in the left column, deltaX is
	   -CRADIUS or CRADIUS, then we only turn on the rows from
	   -1 to 1. If deltaX is -4 or 4, we turn on -3, -1, 0, 1,
	   and 3 for deltaY. If deltaX is -3 or 3, we turn on -4,
	   -1, 0, 1, and 4 in deltaY. If deltaX is -2 or 2, we
	   turn on -5, -1, 0, 1, and 5 for deltaY. If deltaX is
	   -1, 0, or 1, we turn on all deltaY pixels. I did
	   attempt to modularize my code, as it is way too long
	   and I have repetitive code, however, it shows that it
	   is working too well when I attempt to utilize it. I
	   did add comments to my code to show my modifications
	   and what each mod does to the program. Finally, so that
	   I can get rid of the artifacts/trails left behind, I
	   used the min()/max() for the cursorY in the
	   updateCursor() method in order to get rid of them.
	   This lab took me too long to figure out, but I am so
	   glad I have gotten it so that I am now able to work on
	   my Flappy Bird game - I have ideas as far as how to
	   work on the score transparency over the pipes and how
	   to draw the pipes.

Part 3: Create a game*. Chris McKye and I worked on creating a
     Flappy Bird game for this part of the lab. I worked on making
     the pipes of the game, and Chris worked on the bird part of
     the game. 